refactor: add edge concept and remove sources (#92)
get-glu/glu: docs/concepts.md

Currently, Glu has implementations for the following sources:

- [OCI](../pkg/phases/oci)
- [Git](../pkg/phases/git)

We look to add more in the not-so-distant future. However, these can also be implemented by hand via the following interfaces:

```go
// Phase is the core interface for resource sourcing and management.
// These types can be registered on pipelines and can depend upon on another for promotion.
type Phase interface {
	Descriptor() Descriptor
	Get(context.Context) (Resource, error)
	History(context.Context) ([]State, error)
}
```

### Edges

Edges have the job of interfacing with source and destination phases.
They connect one phase to another as a directed dependency in the pipeline graph.
Edges also perform some action between the two phases expressed via a method `Perform()`:

```go
// Edge represents an edge between two phases.
// Edges have have their own kind which identifies their Perform behaviour.
type Edge interface {
	Kind() string
	From() Descriptor
	To() Descriptor
	Perform(context.Context) (Result, error)
	CanPerform(context.Context) (bool, error)
}
```

#### Promotion

> The core `promotion` kind edge take care of promotion one phase to the next on a call to `Perform(ctx)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The core `promotion` kind edge promotes one phase to the next on a call to `Perform(ctx)`.
```

The process is as follows:

1. Get the current resource state from the source phase based on phase metadata.
2. Get the current resource state from the destination promotion target phase.

> 3. If the resource from (2) is equal to that of (3) (based on comparing their digest), the return (no op).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. If the resource from (2) is equal to that of (3) (based on comparing their digest), then return (no-op).
```
